Aren't all too much hyped up on 'Dhurandhar'?

Idk man! That's why decided to understand what the hype is all about by letting myself drift along... Almost every two days came to hear someone or the other I know of, carrying their asses to the theatre to watch it... Much like everyone else, they too did the 'Great Movie' spit and dance. That was all needed to make myself pursue the cinematography, although a bit late than others but better late then never ig. Well, don't ask me my expectations on 'Dhurandhar' because I am really not a cinephile, not that I was even anticipating the movie release, or that I even knew who 'Aditya Dhar' was before getting to know about the movie! So, much like the bulk of the people reading this blog, I am here to talk about my thoughts on the movie. Spoilers ahead! Proceed at you own risk...

The movie followed the documentary type progression with several "chapters" or arcs. As usual, the opening scene dealt with a conflict which is quite common for such types. The issue was the growing threat of "terrorism" and the inability of the IB to suppress the growing dangers of it on the nation as a whole. But, I won't go into the history or story in detail as that's not what I am here to talk about today, anyone can read about it anywhere. The most impactful but long-term plan to curb the growing threats was to implant a seed of destruction inside the enemy territory itself. The need of the hour was that of a "Dhurandhar" or spy to deeply root himself inside the culture, politics, activities of the deadly terror gangs of Lyari-Karachi. The whirring sound of the chopper above the desert plains set the stage real well, with that song... That's dope, really couldn't ask for anything else! 

The storytelling really didn't seemed to rush at all, with a steady yet impactful style of sequencing the major scenes to keep the audience hooked onto their seats. Crazy ass fight scenes were dope as shit! Good storytelling always involves the slow but steady build up for the onset of the climax, great movies have the cinematography to effectively express this whereas not so successful ones don't. "Rehman Dakait" did make a subtle entry, with that crooked face and a strange look in his eyes harbouring intense despair for his son. I didn't expected his entry in a state of his son's loss and personally I didn't like it that much, which to some extent did dull his enigma a bit according to my opinion. The tight slap was a add on... if you know you know! Nevertheless, "Ghayal Hoon Isliye, Ghatak Hoon" craze was set to do some action there after, haha. The storyline progressed with Hamza gaining more and more trust of the Dakait of PAP, with each successive victories brought to the gang. In one horrific scene, where Rehman crushed "Babu Dakait" (of whom he was a bastard son of) — his biological father's skull with a scale weight brought forward his ferocious, inhuman and butcher-like persona in front of the audience for the first time. Meanwhile, we could also see more glimpses of the politics in Lyari and the bureaucratic ties between the heavyweight leaders and the shady gangs there and also how no one is one's eternal friend or enemy in the zeal for power. We also saw some romance between Hamza and Yalina - also this proved to be uncannily strategic in one later yet pivotal part of the movie (with Hamza gaining major trust of the Baloch chieftain)... The entry of SP Chaudhary Aslam was a superb one! 

Coming to the plot twist, Hamza betrays Dakait in one final act (the seeds of which he planted long before in his wedding with Yalina), eventually leading to the killing of Rehman Dakait, thus bringing his chapter to an end! Yeah, I know that I won't be spared by those who are yet to watch this movie... after I revealed so much of the story! Just don't give me a "Kasainuma Maut"! Just kidding... LOL, anyways... for those who were wondering about when I would be talking about the 26/11 scenes, Major Iqbal, etc., go spend some bucks, man! Give IMAX a chance!! Also, for those persistent souls who came this far reading, thanks a lot from the bottom of my heart! And the fun part — it will have a sequel too, to be released in March, next year. Go, watch it in theatres if you haven't yet and for those who already have watched it stay tuned for Part-2 and listen to FA9LA on loop, man!!